content/blog/first-post.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome to RoosterBots!"
date: 2025-10-09
draft: false
tags: ["announcement", "team", "welcome"]
cover:
    image: "/images/logo.png"
    alt: "RoosterBots Logo"
---

Welcome to the official RoosterBots blog! We're excited to share our FIRST Tech Challenge journey with you.

## About This Blog

Follow along as we document our robotics season, from initial design concepts to competition day. We'll be sharing:

- 🔧 **Build Updates** - Watch our robot take shape
- 📸 **Progress Photos** - Behind-the-scenes looks at our workshop
- 🏆 **Competition Recaps** - Results and lessons learned
- 🤝 **Team Events** - Outreach, fundraising, and team bonding
- 💡 **Technical Insights** - Engineering challenges and solutions
- 🎓 **Learning Experiences** - Skills we're developing

## This Season

We're gearing up for an exciting season of competition. Check back regularly for updates as we design, build, and program our robot!

## Get Involved

Want to support the RoosterBots? Check out our [Store](/store/) for team merchandise or [Donate](/donate/) to help fund our season.

**Go RoosterBots!** 🐓🤖

Commit message:

Add team details: #31669, Lost River Valley, Chesapeake Region, 2025-2026 season

content/blog/first-post.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome to RoosterBots!"
date: 2025-10-09
draft: false
tags: ["announcement", "team", "welcome"]
cover:
    image: "/images/logo.png"
    alt: "RoosterBots Logo"
---

Welcome to the official RoosterBots blog! We're excited to share our FIRST Tech Challenge journey with you.

## About This Blog

Follow along as we document our robotics season, from initial design concepts to competition day. We'll be sharing:

- 🔧 **Build Updates** - Watch our robot take shape
- 📸 **Progress Photos** - Behind-the-scenes looks at our workshop
- 🏆 **Competition Recaps** - Results and lessons learned
- 🤝 **Team Events** - Outreach, fundraising, and team bonding
- 💡 **Technical Insights** - Engineering challenges and solutions
- 🎓 **Learning Experiences** - Skills we're developing

## 2025-2026 Season

We're gearing up for an exciting 2025-2026 season competing in the Chesapeake Region! Check back regularly for updates as we design, build, and program our robot for this year's challenge.

## Get Involved

Want to support the RoosterBots? Check out our [Store](/store/) for team merchandise or [Donate](/donate/) to help fund our season.

**Go RoosterBots!** 🐓🤖
