content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About RoosterBots"
date: 2025-10-09
draft: false
---

# About RoosterBots

We are the RoosterBots, a FIRST Tech Challenge team from West Virginia dedicated to excellence in robotics, engineering, and community outreach.

## Our Mission

To inspire young people to become science and technology leaders by engaging them in exciting mentor-based programs that build science, engineering, and technology skills while fostering teamwork and innovation.

## What is FIRST Tech Challenge?

FIRST Tech Challenge (FTC) is a robotics competition for students in grades 7-12. Teams design, build, program, and operate robots to compete in a head-to-head challenge in an alliance format.

## Team Values

- **Innovation**: Pushing the boundaries of what's possible
- **Teamwork**: Collaborating to achieve common goals
- **Gracious Professionalism**: Competing with respect and integrity
- **Community**: Giving back through STEM outreach

## Team Members

*Team roster coming soon*

## Coaches & Mentors

*Coaching staff information coming soon*

## Current Season

*Information about our current robot and competition season*

## Contact Us

Interested in joining or supporting the RoosterBots? Reach out to us!

Commit message:

Add team details: #31669, Lost River Valley, Chesapeake Region, 2025-2026 season

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About RoosterBots"
date: 2025-10-09
draft: false
---

# About RoosterBots FTC #31669

We are the RoosterBots, FIRST Tech Challenge Team #31669 from Lost River Valley, West Virginia. Competing in the Chesapeake Region, we are dedicated to excellence in robotics, engineering, and community outreach.

## Our Mission

To inspire young people to become science and technology leaders by engaging them in exciting mentor-based programs that build science, engineering, and technology skills while fostering teamwork and innovation.

## What is FIRST Tech Challenge?

FIRST Tech Challenge (FTC) is a robotics competition for students in grades 7-12. Teams design, build, program, and operate robots to compete in a head-to-head challenge in an alliance format.

## Team Values

- **Innovation**: Pushing the boundaries of what's possible
- **Teamwork**: Collaborating to achieve common goals
- **Gracious Professionalism**: Competing with respect and integrity
- **Community**: Giving back through STEM outreach

## Team Members

*Team roster coming soon*

## Coaches & Mentors

*Coaching staff information coming soon*

## 2025-2026 Season

We're excited to compete in the 2025-2026 FIRST Tech Challenge season! Follow our journey as we design, build, and program our robot for this year's game challenge.

### Competition Schedule

*Competition dates and locations coming soon*

### Our Robot

*Robot details and specifications coming soon*

## Contact Us

Interested in joining or supporting the RoosterBots? Reach out to us!
